[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2015 sci-fi fantasy film star
wars the force awakens so let's get
started the spoiler does required in
part that you've seen the previous films
if you see a spoiler or for any of our
other films please check out the link in
the cards set 30 years after The Return
of the Jedi we see a new regime in the
first order that has replaced the Empire
and that wants to eliminate the New
Republic the resistance which is
supported by the New Republic and led by
general Leia Organa opposes the first
order they also continue to search for
Leia's brother Luke Skywalker who hasn't
been seen for several years on the
planet jakku resistance pilot poe
obtains a map of luke's location poe
gives the map that whose droid bb-8 just
before he is captured by stormtroopers
led by kylo ren bb-8 escapes with the
map and meets a scavenger named ray kylo
tortures poe and learns of the maps
location a stormtrooper named finn
aboard the same ship decides to defect
breaks poe free stealing a TIE fighter
and crash-landing it back on jakku finn
survives though it seems as though that
poe did not make it finn encounters rey
and bb-8 but they are attacked by the
first order and the three flee into an
old junker ship which turns out to be
the Millennium Falcon the ship of han
Solo they encounter a much larger ship
which coincidentally is being piloted by
Han Solo and Chewbacca Han ship is
boarded by some gang members looking to
collect their debts and Han Chewbacca
rey finn and bb-8 all escape on the
Falcon the gang informs the first order
that the bb-8 droid they're looking for
is aboard the Millennium Falcon
the Falcon crew determines that bb-8
SMAP is incomplete and Han explains that
Luke was trying to rebuild the Jedi
Order but exiled himself after one of
his apprentices kylo Ren turned to the
dark side and destroyed the temple and
slaughter all the other apprentices they
travel to the planet takodana and meet
with a wise woman named as who offers to
get the bb-8 to the resistance Rey is
drawn to a vault in the lower
and finds the lightsaber that once
belonged to both Luke and his father
Anakin Skywalker
she has disturbing visions and flees
into the woods Maz decides to give Finn
the lightsaber for safekeeping we also
see the first-order star killer base a
planet converted into a super weapon
which is capable of destroying multiple
planets at once using energy drained
from stars which is commanded by general
Hux we also see kylo ren's master the
leader of the first order supreme leader
Snoke little is known about him however
Snoke questions kylos ability to deal
with his emotions especially related to
his father who was Han Solo kylos true
name is Ben solo with his mother being
lay out the first order then leads an
attack on takodana once again
to get the map from bb-8 the Falcon crew
are saved by resistance fighters led by
Poe who actually did not die earlier in
the crash
Leia arrives along with c-3po who unites
with Han Solo and Chewbacca Rey however
is captured by kylo and she is brought
to the Starkiller base he tries to
interrogate her using the Force
Beret is able to resist him and ray can
actually read his mind fighting kylos
insecurities Rey also were later uses
the Force a trigger guard in order to
escape at the resistance base bb-8 finds
r2d2 who has remained inactive since
Luke's disappearance the Starkiller base
prepares to fire on the resistance base
while the resistance comes up with a
plan to destroy the super weapon Leia
begs Han to return with her son alive
using the Falcon Han Chewbacca and Finn
infiltrate the facility and find Rey and
plant explosives han confronts his son
calling him by his given name of Ben and
begs him to abandon the dark side kylo
however refuses and kills his father
Chewbacca shoots kylo and injures him
and says self explosives along the
resistance to destroy the Starkiller
base it lightsaber battle breaks out
between the injured kylo and finn but
finn is badly wounded
Rey takes up the lightsaber and is able
to defeat kylo but they are separated
when the super weapon planet begins to
fall apart
Snoke orders kylo to return to him to
complete his training Rey Chewbacca and
Finn escape as the super weapon converts
into a new star due to the energy it
absorbed
back at the resistance base they
celebrate their victory as well as mourn
the death of Han r2d2 awakens and is
able to reveal the rest of the map
allowing Rey to travel to octo an
oceanic planet there she finds Luke and
presents him with his lightsaber as the
film ends so that was the spoilers for
Star Wars The Force awakens if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on our
various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching
[Music]